Men keep saying it's impossible to find
a real woman, especially in Dubai, which
is interesting considering the most
common approach is a man holding his
phone up in the air, pointing at
airdrop, hoping you will add him in
Snapchat later. If that fails, we
escalate to what I call the advanced
level of courage. Where are you from?
Closely followed by the Dubai classic,
what do you do here? We might as well
open with,
>> what's your age? What's your income?
What do you bring to the table? Are you
natural?
>> Honestly, at this point, asking for his
credit score and bank statements sounds
more reasonable to me. Then there is the
walk by performance. Men will pass you,
smile at you, see you smiling back, turn
around, smile again, and then keep
walking like the hunt was cancelled due
to bad weather conditions. Here is the
part most men miss. A man who is
actually serious does not approach like
he is afraid of rejection. He approaches
like he already decided you are worth
the effort and now he's just executing.
He doesn't say I will see you soon. He
tells you when he's seeing you. He
doesn't outsource his masculinity by
asking
>> where do you want to go? What do you
want to eat? Which area do you prefer?
What mood are you in?
>> And then disappears for 3 days to check
the options. He already checked. That's
why he's calling. You feel cold and have
goosebumps. He's ordering tea for you.
If he wants your number, it's on a cart
or on flowers or sent with desert after
covering your bill. And before everyone
panics, no, this is not about money.
This is about effort without
negotiation. Men used to be hunters.
They didn't ask the deer how it would
like to be caught and where. So no women
are not difficult but if a man's
approach requires zero risk, zero
effort, zero planning, he gets zero
results. Anyways guys, if you want a
real woman, you need to first show up as
a real man.